alright impromptu feeding session mantis
she's mantis shrimp via the amazing
spitting lionfish that's this there go
stab me stepping with your crazy spines
all right here we go dude put spin any
uh some trader joes shrimp frozen shrimp
caught up with the freaking impatient
lionfish huh and King jr. steals the
ball and everything is out of focus here
we go
he's too busy looking at his reflection
because lionfish aren't very smart
you
come on buddy get out of here
oh oh you see it
no swing and a miss I don't know what
just happened there looks like you just
got it maybe he got the first Trump two
and then we have some skewered skewered
shrimp for my one-of-a-kind blind albino
mantis shrimp get out here you little
bastard get dragged him in the mix get
over here
he smells with his antenna since he's
blind and since he's blind he also
doesn't have any colour now after his
last molt oh man easily using his club's
pump-action pump it off hump it off my
voice is little horse I was screaming
all weekend
I got sick too which is awesome
come on buddy here I'm going to see if
these stabs me with something well no
don't eat me yeah bacterial infections
from saltwater creatures are one of the
least fun things to have around
especially well I mean unless you're
done with gangrene or like whatever
having parts of your body cut off to
avoid disease up you got it no you sort
of kind of whatever anyways that's
mantis shrimp goodbye